## How to Install OSX86 ISO HAZARD on Your PC

  
# How to Install OSX86 ISO HAZARD on Your PC
 
If you want to run Mac OS X Snow Leopard on your PC, you might have heard of OSX86 ISO HAZARD, a custom distro that allows you to install it on a variety of hardware configurations. In this article, we will show you how to download and install OSX86 ISO HAZARD on your PC, and what options you need to choose for a successful installation.
 
## OSX86 ISO HAZARD.torrent


[**Download Zip**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furlin.us%2F2tKgvd&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0pai_FCy6agSM7jwjZ4JDo)

 
## What is OSX86 ISO HAZARD?
 
OSX86 ISO HAZARD is a modified version of Mac OS X Snow Leopard 10.6.6i that was created by Hazard, a member of the OSx86 Project community. It includes various patches and drivers that enable it to run on non-Apple hardware, such as AMD processors, nForce chipsets, and NVidia graphics cards. It also comes with Chameleon RC5 bootloader, which allows you to boot multiple operating systems on your PC.
 
## Where to Download OSX86 ISO HAZARD?
 
You can download OSX86 ISO HAZARD from various torrent sites, such as The Pirate Bay or Kickass Torrents. The file name is SL\_10.6.6i\_by\_Hazard.iso and the size is about 4.3 GB. You will need a torrent client, such as uTorrent or BitTorrent, to download it. Make sure you scan the file for viruses before using it.
 
## How to Install OSX86 ISO HAZARD?
 
To install OSX86 ISO HAZARD on your PC, you will need a blank DVD and a DVD burner. You will also need to backup your data and create a partition for Mac OS X on your hard drive. Here are the steps to follow:
 
1. Burn the SL\_10.6.6i\_by\_Hazard.iso file to a DVD using a software like ImgBurn or Nero.
2. Insert the DVD into your PC and restart it.
3. Press F12 or F8 or Del or Esc or whatever key your BIOS uses to enter the boot menu.
4. Select the DVD drive as the first boot device and press Enter.
5. Wait for the Chameleon bootloader to load and press any key.
6. Type -v -x -f cpus=1 busratio=20 arch=i386 and press Enter to boot into the installer with verbose mode, safe mode, force loading of kexts, single core mode, and 32-bit mode.
7. Select your language and click Next.
8. Click Utilities and then Disk Utility.
9. Select your hard drive and click Partition.
10. Select 1 Partition from the drop-down menu and click Options.
11. Select GUID Partition Table and click OK.
12. Name your partition Macintosh HD or whatever you like and select Mac OS Extended (Journaled) as the format.
13. Click Apply and then Partition.
14. Close Disk Utility and click Continue.
15. Select Macintosh HD as the destination and click Customize.
16. Select the options that match your hardware configuration. For example, if you have an AMD processor, select Kernel > legacy\_kernel-10.6.0; if you have an nForce chipset, select Chipset > SuperNForceATA; if you have an NVidia graphics card, select Graphics > NVEnabler; etc. You can find more information about the options on the OSx86 Project forums or other websites.
17. Click OK and then Install.
18. Wait for the installation to finish and restart your PC.

## How to Update OSX86 ISO HAZARD?
 
If you want to update OSX86 ISO HAZARD to 10.6.7 or 10.6.8, you will need to download the Hackint0sh.SL-1067.combo.dmg or Hackint0sh.SL-1068.combo.dmg file from Hazard's website or other sources. You will also need some tools and kexts to fix some issues after updating. Here are the steps to follow:

1. Copy the Hackint0sh.SL-1067.combo.dmg or Hackint0sh.SL-1068.combo.dmg file to your Macintosh 0f148eb4a0
